## Agenda meeting May 17, 2016

2016-05-17 hackseq Meeting Agenda
* 6:00 PM PST at Stateside Craft
* 1601 Commercial Dr, Vancouver, BC V5L 3Y3

Hackseq Planning etherpad

Hackseq Github organization: https://github.com/hackseq

Hackseq website: http://www.hackseq.com/


2016-05-17 hackseq Meeting Agenda

6:00 PM PST at Stateside Craft
1601 Commercial Dr, Vancouver, BC V5L 3Y3

Items to discuss
notes from last meeting's agenda have been archived here: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/blob/master/meeting_notes/2016-04-22.md)

High Priority

1. Team leader applications 
Update on numbers from Britt & Catrina 7 yes, 2 maybe
Advertising push before deadline of June 2nd?
Twitter - everyone needs to make a concerted effort to retweet @hackseq's tweets
Britt to send Amy a list of the twitter handles of the potential team leaders that we have approached so that we can target tweets to them
email - email push through the various BUG groups
List of who will email which departments
SFU MBB, Biology, FHS & BPK , SFU PDA, Software Carpentry - TT
UBC PDA, CFRI/CMMT, MedGen, UBC Faculty of Medicine - GW/BD
other? - Galen to email Deana Church to get her to promote this at Stanford - Big Data in Biomedicine http://bigdata.stanford.edu/
How are we going to make projects accessible for participants to view? (I think these can be public)
One issue per abstract on github for each project application so the potential participants can ask questions. Then one master issue with links to the individual projects
      Possible options:
Github issues in a new repo called "projects"?  Yes, this!
Website? 
other?
Minor website content revision to make the explanation of hackseq more clear
Example projects from previous hackathons
We have a list from DCGenomics: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/issues/22
How do we share these examples with team leaders? On the website, Santina to do this.  It's also awesome to sit down and help them with Scoping and goals.  

2. Participant applications
Update on application form status from Santina
Add a question , where applicants rank projects (need to rank a minimum of 3-5 teams)
How are we going to make participants applications available for project leaders to view? Not necessary.
So who is going to assign folks to teams? Shaun is going to do that. The participants are going to rank the projects, we'll see how the numbers shake out for their first choice. If there are overfull projects, we'll shift them to underfull projects (based on their 2nd, 3rd choice).  Should work well.
Advertising push before deadline of June 30th?
Twitter
email - If you said you are emailing departments to advertise for team leaders, then you are also responsible for emailing the same depts to advertise for participants 
other?

3. Team selection & notification (please sign up for one of these duties by putting your initial beside it)
Volunteer needed to write a public document about how teams are selected and put it in repo
Volunteer needed to draft team leader and team member notification email BB -- email sent - Thanks!
Volunteer needed to notify teams on July 15th
Volunteer(s) needed to aggregate results of cross voting between team leaders and participants to come up with who will be attending. Shaun Jackman will take care of this, other volunteers are welcome to help.

4. Travel award
 ASHG has approved up to $4,500 (or 3 travel grants) for hackseq participants
Each recipient must be:
A trainee (e.g., a graduate student or post-doc)
A member of ASHG (membership number required)
Registered for the 2016 ASHG Annual Meeting in Vancouver
Following questions have(?) been added to participant application form:
Do you require a travel grant to participate? If yes, ask if they fulfill the requirements above to apply for one
Why would you like to participate in hackseq?
How did you hear about hackseq? Options (Twitter, Facebook, email, friend...etc)
where are you travelling from
idea - add question where they justify their financial need & give a budget of what you need and where your funds are coming from - Santina to add
Is ASHG involved in the selection (we will ask at the conference
rank based on 1) financial need, 2) location & 3) diversity
Britt to draft rubric
Amy to share wording about diversity with Britt 

5. Next meeting
date 
next Google Hangout meeting, June 7th @ 9am
next in person, June 23rd @ 6pm at the Genome Sciences Centre
format
location - GSC
meeting frequency - evenings, meet in person once a month, and meet Google Hangouts on bi-weekly

6. AWS cloud credits 
Update from Shaun and Adriana (budget ~ $3000) for 9 teams, that will probably be pretty close, but you should be ready to snapshot amis right at the end.  
See https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/issues/6
grant deadline June 30 - Shaun to apply
Galaxy?

7.  Logistics
updates from Bruno and Adriana
funding
$2000 from GenomeBC
venue is in the Life Sciences Centre
Ecoscope is paying for chairs, other logistics things etc
Code of Conduct (comment on your opinion on this in this issue: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/issues/25) In one week, if no one comments TT will make an executive decision
look for product sponsors: eg redbull - monster, clif, terra chips, chipotle, chocolates? Anyone want to take this on.
Places to get funding from:
Bruno suggests IDT? Tiffany suggest CSMB (Canadian Society for Molecular Biosciences), Genetics Society of America has a grant for these things ( due July 10th http://www.genetics-gsa.org/conferences/traineesymposia.shtml), Amy suggests VanBUG as a community partner?
Hackathon term
consensus that it is too late to change name now
new document for things to consider next time we plan things: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/blob/master/suggestions_for_next_time.md
idea - parallel track with training workshops or talks? see this issue: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/issues/23
How might this work? Open to public? Supplement to participants? SJ - one short talk a day, maybe right after lunch 
Evening talk before social? Who would give the plenary?

8. Awards  
At previous meeting we decided we would give out a top prize for "Peoples choice"
Idea - we can use remaining money to give out swag for all participants?
At end of Hackathon, have a show and tell where each group has 3-5 minutes to show what they created (people's choice can be voted on after show & tell)
At last meeting we also discussed that we would not have judges because external judges take away from the collaborative feel we want to generate with the hackathon

9. Encouraging women
Child-care
Adriana could ask SCWIST for this???

10. non-profit: Defer for 3 years from now!
If we want to register a new non-profit in the future weâ€™ll need: 
At least 5 peoples to act as Directors [we'll vote for positions later]; 
$~150;  
A name with the designation "Society" or "Association" or "Foundation"; 
Purposes of the society: statement(s) indicating why the society exists and how we intend to promote these purposes; (v) Review or create the bylaws...  
Something to discuss with VanBUG and other groups?

11. Sponsorship of the event
10X Genomics - we need to follow up on their involvement. 
Other sequencing providers - strategy to approach other companies.
Contact other sequencing companies?
