# 2016-06-23 hackseq Meeting Agenda

6:00 PM PST at the Genome Sciences Centre (570 W 7th Ave, 1st floor board room). 
Call Shaun at 778-235-0342 to be let in.

### Items to discuss
notes from last meeting's agenda have been archived here: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/blob/master/meeting_notes/2016-06-07.md

## High Priority

### 1. Team leader applications 
    - Repository has been created to house the projects: https://github.com/hackseq/hackseq_projects_2016
    - Adriana has contacted the one user that still needs to provide GitHub detail
- Within this repo, an issue exists for each project
    - 9 of the 10 team leaders have confirmed that they will be attending. Adriana has followed up on the last team leader
- Discuss possible GA4GH collaboration (Galen will contact them)
    - There will be adequate space to provide facilities for 40 additional people
    - Office chairs will be needed - need to get a quote 
    - They should provide a funding for food or if they organize their own catering 
    - They would join on the last day of hackseq - will have closing ceremony and final presentations
    - There event will be seperate from our event but will be a good ooportunity to network with fellow hackathon-ers
    - We could possible ask if they could sponsor an additional travel award
    - Galen will contact the GA4GH representatives and organize another meeting
- Accommodation 
    - The possibility of talking to someone about renting a dorm at UBC was discussed (Adriana will do this)

### 2. Participant applications
- Update on application form status from Santina
    - 9 applications have been submitted
    - We confirmed that the childcare option is available to participants
    - There are 80 people who signed up to receive more information
    - We need to send out the application link to these people
    - Galen is drafting the email and posting on GitHub for feedback
    - Bruno will then send it off to people on the interest list (in hackseq google drive)  
- Advertising push before deadline of June 30th (one week away!!)? 
    - Twitter
    - email (need to email depts/ VanBUG email list)
    - get team leaders to recruit/advertise
    - other?
    - Update the website to have a very visible link to the participant application and link to the project list  - Santina
- Tasks once the applications have closed 
    - The deadline has been set to July 15 - we can extend the deadline if we do not have enough participants
    - Once applications have been closed Britt will email team leaders to check if there are specific people that they want on their team so that Shaun can account for this when he is matching up team leaders and participants
    - If we have too many people signing up, we should set up a waiting list
    - How do you make sure that the people show up?
    - Let people confirm/commit, indicating that they're taking up spots, and make sure they start interacting with the team and team leader on GitHub 

### 3. Upcoming things that need to be done
- Assign participants to teams (Shaun to do by July 10?)
    - This has been extend to 25 July
- Volunteer needed to notify teams on July 15th (Britt to do)
    - This has been extended to 26 July
- Determine what sponsorship are available and what we will be using the funds for (Bruno and Adriana will work on this)
    - We have $7000 available at present
    - We need to pay for
    - Chairs
    - Food (email for in kind sponsorship)
    - Prizes
    - Could get a keg sponsored (Shaun will look into this)
    - Social event
- Planning for hackseq social event 
    - This will take place on the first day of hackseq
    - It will be held in LSI
    - Needed - security, servers license, beer/wine/softdrinks, snacks 
    - Budget for social - need to make one
- Website (Artem and Santina) 
    - Homepage - button at the top (in red) to apply and projects
    - Need to update language from collaborator to participant
    - Remove sign up link and add participant application 
    - Accomodation
    - Also mention the travel award
    - Registration is free

### 4. Travel award
- Update from Adriana
- Santina will create a rubric 
- Adriana will meet with ASHG on June 30

### 5. Two things forgot to be mentioned at the last meeting:
- There will likely be a sequence-structure hackathon in the evenings at ISMB if people are at  that meeting
- Also, there will be a genomics hackathon at NCBI August 15th-17th.  If people are really interested in hackathons, please let them know, and please consider yourselves invited (although I dont have travel funds for that)
- Thanks for putting this on the agenda!

6. AWS cloud credits 
Update from Shaun on grant (June 30th deadline)
Shaun has summarized all the project requirements for a cost estimation
The participant who is using AWS dataset (done)

### 7. Next meeting
- determine date for next Google Hangout meeting and next in person meeting
    - In person meeting 20 July - 6pm at the Genome Sciences Center
- Galen will contact GA4GH and we will organize a Google Hangout meeting based on this

### 8. Summary of assigned taks
- Follow up on the possibility of a dorm for accommodation (Adriana - done)
- Follow up on Justin (Adriana - done)
- Follow up on GA4GH (Galen)
    - Need to finalize required budget and provide a timeline for when the GA4GH should provide a list of projects
- Send out email to people who signed up to receive more info on hackseq (Bruno - done)
    - Send out again ~1 week before deadline to all people who have not signed up
- Social media advertising (Amy)
- Advertising (All)
- Sort out budget and get more sponsors (Bruno and Adriana)
- Start planning social event (Galen)
- Website (Artem and Santina)
- AWS cloud credits (Shaun)
- Contact team leaders once applications have closed regarding participant preferences (Britt)
- Finalize teams (Shaun)
- Travel awards (Adriana)
- Contact participants once teams have been finalized (Britt)
