## 2016-07-20 hackseq Meeting Agenda

6:00 PM PST at the Genome Sciences Centre (570 W 7th Ave, 1st floor board room). 

### Items to discuss
notes from last meeting's agenda have been archived here: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/blob/master/meeting_notes/2016-06-23.md

### High Priority

1. Team leader applications 
  - Update on possible GA4GH collaboration (Galen)
  - GA4GH need to provide project titles - this is not urgent (Galen) 
  - We need to contact GA4GH about potential funding/travel award (Galen)
  - Update on Accommodation (Adriana) - done
  - We could set up a system for participants to get in contact with each other to organize shared accommodation
  - There is another hotel close to campus (Adrianna will send the link to Britt so that she can add it a link to the map)

2. Participant applications
  - Update on application form status (Santina)
  - We have 79 applications
  - Late application queries
  - Any applications before 22 Aug will be accepted (Santina has replied to query from Fotis relaying this information)
  - Volunteer queries 
    - If anyone asks about volunteerting, we will be happy for anyone to volunterr
    - We could aslo advertise that we are looking for volunteers (e.g. UBC CS undergrads and VanBug) - Volunteers with broad coding skills could act as mentors on a day-to-day basis (Amy will email Michelle to send out separate email to see if there are CS students who may be interested in helping out generally)
  - UBC CS department wants to know how many of their undergrads signed up for this
  - Contacting participants (Santina)
  - Once travel awards are finalized, participants will be contacted to be informed that they have been accepted (and where relevant if they have received a travel award). They will be asked to fill in a form with the following information
    - Confirm that you are available to attend hackseq 
    - Current occupation is (e.g. student/industry)? 
    - Is it your first hackathon? 
    - Do you belong to any specific minority group, demographics (e.g. female/ developing country) 
    - Also make sure to tell participants to bring a laptop (Mac/Windows/Linux)
    - Dietary requirements

3. Upcoming things that need to be done
  - Update on assigning participants to teams by July 25th deadline (Shaun)
    - Process:
        - Vet participants and chose travel award winners (All)
        - Email all vetted participants to infrom them that they have been accepted and get them to confirm their attendance and obtain additional information (Santina)
        - Assign participants to teams based on their first choice, then look at second choices to even out teams. Try to ensure that skills are evnly distributed (Shaun)
        - Email team leaders before finalizing teams to check if the leaders are happy or if they require someone else with specific skills (Britt)
        - If there are more individuals in the team then the team leaders requested, check if this is OK. Also as there are several applications for the 10X projects, we could ask them if they would like an additional project (Britt)
        - People with no coding experience may be assigned tasks e.g. documentation
  - Wifi/Power ?
    - Need to make sure the hackathon participants don't overload the wifi, especially on the Monday, when the UBC students return
    - We should talk to UBC IT and look into the possibility of setting up ethernet.
    - We need to ensure that there are enough power adapters. 
    - Look into processes for software carpentry workshops (Tiffany to find out details)
  - Outreach activities 
    - Could open up events such as talks to the general public.
  - Volunteer needed to notify teams on July 26th (Britt to do) 
    - New process discussed
  - Update on  what sponsorship are available and what we will be using the funds for (Bruno and Adriana)
    - Chiplote will be sponsoring one lunch (we just need to confirm the day and number of people). - remember to ask about dietry restrictions
    - Need to check about other food options (Bruno)
    - SCWIST will be sponsoring child care :) (we'll need to confirm the number of kids)
    - ACM-W: new sponsor at the kilobase level :)
    - Discuss other potential sources of funding
  - Agenda for each day (workshops, lectures, presentations, etc)
    - Start a GitHub issue about agenda (Bruno)
  - Planning for hackseq social event 
    - This will take place on the first day of hackseq
    - It will be held in LSI
    - Needed - security, servers license (need to send the license to LSI staff on mid-Sept), beer/wine/softdrinks, snacks, how many servers needed?
    - should apply for special occasion license designated as private function to reduce cost
    - Budget for social - need to make one
  - Website
    - Update on website changes  (Artem and Santina) 
  - Travel award
    - Update from ASHG conference call (Adriana)
    - Rank applications (All) top 5 projects  
    - Will be sending invoice to ASHG. Also update on applications and selection process. 
    - Update on rubric (Santina)

6. AWS cloud credits 
  - Update on grant results (Shaun) 

7. Next meeting
  - determine date for next Google Hangout meeting and next in person meeting
  - Aug 3 - 6:00 PM PST at the Genome Sciences Centre (570 W 7th Ave, 1st floor board room

8. Summary of assigned taks
  - Before the next meeting (Aug 3 - 6:00 PM PST at the Genome Sciences Centre (570 W 7th Ave, 1st floor board room).
  - Contact GA4GH to ask about funding and follow up on titles (Galen - deadline: 29 Aug)
  - Rank travel awards (Santina, Bruno, , Shaun, Galen, Amy, Britt, Adriana - deadline: July 24)
  - Email team leaders and inform them of the process for team selections (Britt - deadline July 22)
  - Check all applicants to vet them (Bruno to coordinate - deadline: July 25 
  - Create a confirmation form for participants to complete (Santina - deadline Aug 1)
  - Email participants to inform them that they have been accepted (Santina - deadline Aug 2)
  - Funding - create sponsorship request template and look into additional potential sponsors (All - Aug 2)
  - Agenda - create a GitHub issue (Bruno - deadline 2 Aug)
  - Other tasks
    - Sort out teams (Shaun - deadline Aug 4)
    - Contact team leaders for their input on teams (Britt)
    - Possibly contact 10X to find out if they would like to include another project (Britt)
    - Determine what roles people with no coding experience could play in the teams
    - Funding - contact additional sponsors
    - Start compiling agenda
    - Add additional accommodation in map (Adriana to send link to Britt to add to map)
    - Sort out internet and power details - contact UBC IT and look into processes used by software carpentry workshops
    - Recruit volunteers to act as mentors (Amy will email CS and VanBug)
    - Additional food sponsors (Bruno) - ask Starbucks, Boulevard (Adriana), Safeway, Save on Foods, Big rock (Adriana)  etc
    - Additional funding e.g CDRD ventures (Adriana), PharmSci, StemCell, Illumina form, IDT, MSFHR, BC Cancer - create an issue
    - Organize the process of opening up certain events (e.g. talks) to additional participants
    - Plan hackseq social (Galen)
    - Liquor license (Amy and Bruno will get. Could also ask members of the PDA who already have licenses)
    - Send license to LSI by Sep



