Hackseq Planning etherpad

Hackseq Github organization: https://github.com/hackseq

Hackseq website: http://www.hackseq.com/


2016-06-07 hackseq Meeting Agenda

9:00 AM PST on Google Hangouts
Google hangout link: https://hangouts.google.com/call/fychc5zmkjd6rlbjvfaa37kqyme


Items to discuss
notes from last meeting's agenda have been archived here: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/blob/master/meeting_notes/2016-05-17.md

High Priority

1. Team leader applications 
Update on numbers from Britt & Catrina
need more applications?
don't need applications? BB BD AL CL sdj BGTTab
Create Github issues for projects (volunteers?) Use MSL sprint as a model - TT can create the issues
Mozilla Global Sprint example project: https://github.com/mozillascience/global-sprint-2016/issues/29

2. Participant applications
Update on application form status from Santina
Advertising push before deadline of June 30th?
Twitter
email (need to email depts/ VanBUG email list)
other?
how to priortize participants?
can have up to 8-10 participants per team? But Ben suggests that teams of > 8 can lead to problems. Ben has found an optimal number of participants is 5-6 in addition to the team lead
Ask team leads to help choose participants

3. Team selection & notification (please sign up for one of these duties by putting your initial beside it)
Volunteer needed to write a public document about how teams are selected and put it in repo
Volunteer needed to draft team leader and team member notification email BB -- email sent - Thanks!
Please let us know **by responding to this string** by 5 pm, Friday, April 1st if you will be able to attend the [entire] event at Brandeis University.  

Thanks for your interest and congratulations!  

Much more correspondence to follow if you accept.

Cheers!
Volunteer needed to notify teams on July 15th - BD (email address - britt.drogemoller@gmail.com)
Create teams in Github hackseq organization for team leads (and later for participants) - TT
Volunteer(s) needed to aggregate results of cross voting between team leaders and participants to come up with who will be attending. Shaun Jackman will take care of this, other volunteers are welcome to help.

4. Travel award
 ASHG has approved up to $4,500 (or 3 travel grants) for hackseq participants
Did we find out if we, or ASHG will be adminsitering the award?
We will select the participants (keeping the ASHG on the loop) and might receive the funds as a sponsorship (through SCWIST) 

5. Next meeting
date 
next in person, June 23rd @ 6pm at the Genome Sciences Centre
format
location - GSC 570 W 7th Ave, 1st floor board room, call Shaun at 778-235-0342 to be let in
meeting frequency - evenings, meet in person once a month, and meet Google Hangouts on bi-weekly

6. AWS cloud credits 
Update from Shaun on grant (June 30th deadline)
